you've probably heard of protein shakes
for hardgainers but what about creatine
well muscle tech has developed a
creatine blend that apparently is meant
for people have a hard time gaining
muscle let's see what the label looks
like so here we see that this is a hard
gainer creatine formula meant to
increase muscle size and strength
maximize muscle creatine and is
specifically formulated for hard gainers
let's get a better feel for cell tech a
look at what real consumers have been
saying about it time for some social
proof reported pros does help build
muscle increases strength and ders is
increased and recovery time is reduced
reported cons some get bloated it's a
bit pricey and some get tired of the
taste well so far it's looking like cell
Tech has improved their formula let's
look at the ratings here we see a
bodybuilding comment when t5 rating
score an eight point seven unfortunately
there are no reviews for the new blend
of cell tech hard gainer series awesome
reviews calm yet so this leaves us 125
rating scoring eight point seven zero
let's take a close look at the new blend
time to analyze the active ingredients
creatine monohydrate 3.5 grams this is
the basic form of creatine made of
lysine arginine and Matheny it is
scientifically proven to increase ATP
levels in humans resulting in more
strength and more endurance it also
helped protein synthesis so recovery
time is reduced creatine HCl 1.5 grams
this relatively new form of creatine is
stable and acidic neutral and alkaline
environments for this reason it doesn't
break down in a stomach result into the
stalks and creatine in the creatine has
shelves your muscles within 30 minutes
consumption so there's no need for
loading or cycling taurine this amino
ask greatly helps with heart health it
is able to help improve the circulatory
system allowing nutrients to reach the
heart more effectively along with
muscles in the body l-alanine 500
milligrams this helps convert blood
glucose to energy and plays a role in
muscle strength and reducing muscle
fatigue it is a popular amino acid used
for sports performance and
it's l-leucine 500 milligrams this is no
of course remarkable ability to burn fat
for energy while sparing muscle tissue
completely it is heavily involved in the
protein synthesis process so it's
crucial for muscle repair it also helps
to maintain proper blood sugar levels
and may increase HGH production l
isoleucine 250 milligrams this is don't
force ability to increase Hema globin
levels in the blood allowing for more
nutrients and oxygen to reach the cells
in the body it also assists leucine in
the muscle building process L Valley 250
milligrams unique characteristic of BCAA
member is that it helps preserve the
brain and improves cognitive functions
however its main role here is to assist
a must repair alongside leucine and
isoleucine alpha lipoic acid 100
milligrams AO is primary function is
encouraging enzymes of starving to
breakdown to collect nutrients and
energy in the foods we eat it is
naturally found in foods broccoli and
spinach final verdict so tech hardgainer
sues know typically new to the market
but has been well accepted so far these
are can expect faster muscle gains more
endurance more power and faster recovery
however with that said and Drago back to
consider here are some get bloated and
some get tired of the taste if you'd
like to know when cell tech is on
special visit Ramos a calm and Sun off
using art form will then email you in
cell tech or any of your favorite
supplements I have a substantial
promotion thanks for watching